---
layout: post
title: "How to Buy a Domain Name in Iceland"
description: (And Other Things I've Learned This Year)
date:   2016-4-19
categories: clojure apprenticeship refactoring
related: ["Software Craftsmanship: A New Journey", "Web Development, Struggle, and the Art of Mountain Climbing"]
twitter_text: "How to Buy a Domain Name in Iceland (And Other Things I've Learned This Year)"
---

### One year ago this week, I started learning JavaScript.

It's hard to believe that only a year ago I was struggling to comprehend the ins and outs of if-else conditionals, functions, and for-loops. Now, something I originally intended to learn just so I could make a shrinking header for my blog turned into a full-blown obsession.

On my first week of Dev Bootcamp, someone told me that learning to program is like paddling a canoe across the Pacific Ocean. Eventually you make it to Hawaii and you can look back at how far you've come, even though there are still thousands of miles more to go.

But anyway, last night I [bought a domain name from Iceland](https://www.isnic.is/en/), because those of us with common names have to get creative. Also, my resume is now located at [http://beccanelson.is/awesome](http://beccanelson.is/awesome), which should speak for itself. As I was sifting through documentation on DNS name servers and web forwarding and redirection, this crazy thing happened. I UNDERSTOOD WHAT WAS GOING ON. And thanks to [DNSimple](https://dnsimple.com/), I had a fully functional web page up and running in about half an hour.

I knew what was going on, because I had done it before. I learned about domain hosting when I helped my friends migrate their domains to self-hosted WordPress blogs, and when I first set up CNAME records and DNS routes to point my github page to a custom domain name. This may sound obvious, but this is what learning is all about—doing something over and over again until you understand it.

For that reason, one of the best things we can in any profession do is learn how to learn. For example, I'm not sure I knew a year ago that I learn best by doing. Not just by filling in blanks and copying down code from Codecademy, but from building things from the ground up. I know other people who learn best by reading, and some who learn best by teaching and talking others through the problem.

Even though I'm still in the beginning stages of this process, I'm having that moment where I'm standing on an island somewhere in the South Pacific and looking back at how far I've come. I'm looking back at the terrible websites I built with inconsistent CSS, and the Ruby methods I wrote that were 60 lines long, the cobbled-together JavaScript from StackOverflow, and realizing that I have learned.

A year ago, I'm not sure I could have imagined switching careers, or graduating from Dev Bootcamp, or starting an Apprenticeship, but it has all happened, and it is all because I am learning.
